[QAOA] Creates Example QAOA Workflow in Docs (#757)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_qaoa.rst

qml.qaoa
========

This module provides a collection of methods that help in the construction of
QAOA workflows.

Here is an example of the PennyLane QAOA functionality being used to solve the
`MaxCut <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_cut>`__ problem:

> .. code-block:: python3

Reviewer: I think it would be best to treat each component of the workflow separately, and add some text to explain what's happening. So for example, there could be a small paragraph describing that we have built-in functions to retrieve cost and mixer Hamiltonians, then show how it's done.

Then discuss that we define layers and then "layer" (repeat) them to build the circuit, and show the code. And so forth

    import pennylane as qml
    from pennylane import qaoa
    from networkx import Graph

    # Defines the wires and the graph on which MaxCut is being performed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Here and throughout, I think it's best no to leave a line between a comment and its corresponding code

    wires = range(3)
    graph = Graph([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])

    # Defines the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians

    cost_h, mixer_h = qaoa.maxcut(graph)

    # Defines a layer of the QAOA ansatz, from the cost and mixer Hamiltonians

    def qaoa_layer(gamma, alpha):
        qaoa.cost_layer(gamma, cost_h)
        qaoa.mixer_layer(alpha, mixer_h)

    # Repeatedly applies layers of the QAOA ansatz

>     def circuit(params, **kwargs):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    def circuit(params):
```

Author: @co9olguy I just realized that we need to have the `**kwargs` argument in `circuit`, as `VQECost` requires the signature of the circuit input to be `(params, ***kwargs)`

        for w in wires:
            qml.Hadamard(wires=w)

        qml.layer(qaoa_layer, 2, params[0], params[1])

    # Defines the device and the QAOA cost function

    dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=len(wires))
    cost_function = qml.VQECost(circuit, cost_h, dev)

> >>> print(cost_function([[1, 1], [1, 1]]))

Reviewer: And what about the optimization? That should be included too

qml.qaoa
========

This module provides a collection of methods that help in the construction of
QAOA workflows.

We can demonstrate the PennyLane QAOA functionality with a basic application of QAOA:
solving the `MaxCut <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_cut>`__ problem.
We begin by defining the set of wires on which QAOA is executed, as well as the graph

> on which we will perform MaxCut (with the node labels being the index of the wire to which they
> correspond):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on which we will perform MaxCut. The node labels of the graph are the index of the wire to which they
correspond:
```

.. code-block:: python3

    import pennylane as qml
    from pennylane import qaoa
    from networkx import Graph

    # Defines the wires and the graph on which MaxCut is being performed
    wires = range(3)
    graph = Graph([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])

> We now define the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians for MaxCut, on the graph that we defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now obtain the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians for MaxCut on the graph that we defined:
```

.. code-block:: python3

    # Defines the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians
    cost_h, mixer_h = qaoa.maxcut(graph)

These cost and mixer Hamiltonians are then used to define layers of the variational QAOA ansatz,
which we implement as the following function:

.. code-block:: python3

>     # Defines a layer of the QAOA ansatz, from the cost and mixer Hamiltonians

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Defines a layer of the QAOA ansatz from the cost and mixer Hamiltonians
```

    def qaoa_layer(gamma, alpha):
        qaoa.cost_layer(gamma, cost_h)
        qaoa.mixer_layer(alpha, mixer_h)

> Finally, the full QAOA circuit is built by repeatedly applying the QAOA layers with the

Reviewer: Comment about initializing in an equal superposition

on which we will perform MaxCut. The node labels of the graph are the index of the wire to which they
correspond:

.. code-block:: python3

    import pennylane as qml
    from pennylane import qaoa
    from networkx import Graph

    # Defines the wires and the graph on which MaxCut is being performed
    wires = range(3)
    graph = Graph([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])

We now obtain the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians for MaxCut on the graph that we defined:

.. code-block:: python3

    # Defines the QAOA cost and mixer Hamiltonians
    cost_h, mixer_h = qaoa.maxcut(graph)

These cost and mixer Hamiltonians are then used to define layers of the variational QAOA ansatz,
which we implement as the following function:

.. code-block:: python3

    # Defines a layer of the QAOA ansatz from the cost and mixer Hamiltonians
    def qaoa_layer(gamma, alpha):
        qaoa.cost_layer(gamma, cost_h)
        qaoa.mixer_layer(alpha, mixer_h)

Finally, the full QAOA circuit is built. We begin by initializing the wires in an even superposition over
computational basis states, and then repeatedly apply QAOA layers with the

> ``qml.layer`` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``qml.layer`` method. In this case we repeat the circuit twice:
```
